Grid, Space & SpaceVertical (#785)
looker-open-source/components: packages/www/src/documentation/components/layout/space.mdx

---
title: Space
propsOf: Space
github: Layout/Space
---

> `<Space />` & `<SpaceVertical>` are designed to put space between it's children. `Space` operates on the horizonal access while `SpaceVertical` operates on the vertical axis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<Space />` & `<SpaceVertical>` are designed to put space between their children. `Space` operates on the horizontal axis while `SpaceVertical` operates on the vertical axis.
```
